Rewrite Readme. Add link to the original author. (#10)
syncthing-gtk/syncthing-gtk: README.md

Syncthing-GTK
=============

> Syncthing-gtk is a GTK-based user interface for [Syncthing](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing).
> 
> It was originally developped by [Kozec](https://github.com/kozec), then maintained on https://github.com/syncthing-gtk/syncthing-gtk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syncthing-GTK is a GTK-based user interface for [Syncthing](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing).

It was originally developed by [Kozec](https://github.com/kozec), then maintained in https://github.com/syncthing-gtk/syncthing-gtk.
```
I am not a native speaker, so please recheck.

Author: Thanks, i'm not a native speaker either :)
